(Design Document 7) A description about how our program follows the 7 principles of universal design

Principle 1- Equitable Use:
a) The input and menus work with a simple keyboard input and console output on display. This is the same for all users.
Braille keyboards and windows output to speech can be used for blind users. Hence, Provide the same means of use for all
users: identical whenever possible.

Principle 2- Flexibility in Use:
a)We give users the ability to list and buy properties classifying them as buyers and  sellers.Hence, we provide choice
in methods of use.

Principle 3- Simple and Intuitive Use:
a) Our UI is very clean and easy to understand. We provide users with accurate error
and exception messages. Consider a login to a banned user. In this case, they accurately receive the message
"This user is currently banned, please try again later." Hence, we provide effective feedback during and after task
completion.

Principle 4: Perceptible Information:
a) Our UI is made of clean menus, that differentiate each option clearly, For example once you login as a user there is
a clear menu for options: Press 1 to see your login history, Press 2 to create a user, Press 3 to ban or unban a user,
etc. Hence, we differentiate elements in ways that can be described.

Principle 5- Tolerance for Error:
a) We have made error and exception classes to catch most of these cases. A good example
would be to consider if a user trys to create an account with a username that already exists, we catch this error and
throw the following message "That username is taken, please enter another one". Hence, we provide warnings of hazards
and errors.
b) Accurately Handle search Results irrespective of Case (Case Insensitive search) for Listing Addresses.

Principle 6- Low Physical Effort:
a)(Todo)

Principle 7- Size and Space for Approach and Use:
a) The input and menus work with a simple keyboard input and console output on display. Hence, we make reach to all
components comfortable for any seated or standing user.
